reduce to one intro for doc chapter (#144)
r-devel/rdevguide: 07-documenting_R.Rmd

This chapter is about the ways people can contribute to R's documentation, with guidance on how to do that. This includes contributing to the standard documentation and also developing additional documents using the same tools as the standard documents. Any time you feel that you can clarify and improve existing documentation or provide documentation that is missing, your contribution is welcome and appreciated. If you find it difficult to deal with the markup language, you can ask for help for that part too. Please do not let the material in this chapter stand between the documentation and your desire to help out. However, not every good faith effort to change or extend the documentation will be accepted - sometimes the patch contribution might be incorrect, other times, while a change in wording may make some things clearer and easier to understand, other finer details of some corner case may become less clear, leading to the patch being declined or modified by the member of R Core reviewing it before applying it (if they agree the issue is important enough to fix).

## Guidelines for writing R help files

> This section summarises the [recommended style for writing the R help files](https://developer.r-project.org/Rds.html). The help files for R functions are written in 'R documentation' (.Rd) file format. It is a simple markup language with close resemblance to LaTeX. The .Rd file format can be further processed into a variety of formats, including LaTeX, HTML, and plain text. An example of the .Rd format is available for [mean.Rd](https://svn.r-project.org/R/trunk/src/library/base/man/mean.Rd). These are intended for writing the core documentations but may also be useful for package writers. Extensive details of writing R documentation files can be found in the [Writing R Extensions](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html#Writing-R-documentation-files) manual.
> 
> Note: Many R package authors use the R package [roxygen2](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/roxygen2/index.html) to write documentation (which eventually creates the .Rd files), however, in this guide we focus on .Rd files only because the manual pages for the base distribution are written directly as .Rd files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The help files for R functions are written in 'R documentation' (`.Rd`) file format. It is a simple markup language with close resemblance to LaTeX. The `.Rd` file format can be further processed into a variety of formats, including LaTeX, HTML, and plain text. The `.Rd` files can be found in the `man` directory of the sources for the corresponding base package, for example <https://svn.r-project.org/R/trunk/src/library/base/man/mean.Rd>. Many authors of contributed R packages use the [roxygen2](https://cran.r-project.org/package=roxygen2) package to write documentation, which generates `.Rd` files from comments in the package `.R` files. However, the help files in the base distribution are maintained by directly editing the `.Rd` files.

This section gives an overview of the `.Rd` format and summarises the [guidelines for writing the R help files](https://developer.r-project.org/Rds.html). The guidelines are intended for contributors to base R, but may also be useful for authors of contributed packages. Full documentation on writing R documentation files can be found in the [Writing R Extensions](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html#Writing-R-documentation-files) manual.
```

Reviewer: When making this change, check the remaining chapter and update ".Rd" with "`.Rd`" where necessary (so it is formatted as code, as in R-exts).
